welcome to tiny treasures today we're
going to read frozen a tale of two
sisters and on the front is Anna and
there's her sister Elsa princess Elsa
and Princess Anna are sisters Elsa has a
secret she has magic powers she can
create ice Elsa makes a mistake her
magic hits on ax and Anna is very cold
and their parents are worried Anna gets
warm again she wants to be friends with
her big sister to keep on a safe alpha
stays away and it makes Elsa sad onon
Elsa grow up and Anna meets Prince Hans
and they fall in love
Elsa becomes Queen the kingdom cheers
Anna wants to marry hands Elsa says no a
nun Elsa argue Anna pulls off Elsa's
glove magic ice shoots from else's hand
Elsa runs far away she does not want her
magic to hurt anyone Elsa covers the
land with snow she makes an ice palace
the kingdom needs Elsa to stopped the
storm there is so much snow Animus find
Elsa Anna memes Kristoff and his
reindeer spin they help her search for
Elsa they meet Olaf he is a nice snowman
he leads them to Elsa the kingdom
worries about Anna Hans will find her
Anna finally finds Elsa she tells Elsa
to come home
else is afraid she might hurt someone
Anna will not listen
Elsa grows angry she blasts sauna with a
bolt of ice Elsa makes a giant snowman
he chases Anna and her friends out of
the palace Elsa's blast is turning on it
to ice an old troll helps Anna he says
an act of true love can save her Hans
finds alpha
he's guards bring her home Hans will not
kiss onna he does not love her he just
wants to rule the kingdom Anna is almost
frozen Kristoff loves Anna his kiss
might save her but Elsa needs Anna's
help Hans
tries to hurt Elsa Anna blocks his sword
when she freezes solid
alsa is safe she cries she hugs onna
anna starts to melt her act of love have
saved their lives the sisters are best
friends at last the end thank you for
coming to tiny treasures please
subscribe to our videos goodbye